You think about it.
Why are you back so late today?
It's because of the project
Did you make things difficult for you in October?
Don't worry.
I said no one can drive you away from Fuji
Certainly.
Of course you have the right.
What's your trouble?
Haven't eaten yet?
I'll let you prepare dessert later. Eat first
Fu Siyan
When are you going to lie to me?
Do you think I know you are the president of Fuji?
Will you miss your money?
Or do you think it's good to lie to me?
Do you want me to tell you something carefully?
In fact, I always want to explain it to you personally
So
So what is all this real?
So you've been lying to me?
Ok I was wrong
I'll lie to you again.
That's nothing to say
Since it's all your deception
Fu Siyan, let's get a divorce
Have something to say
Don't get divorced at every turn
Okay, I finally found out about the divorce.
You know I'm not worthy of my son, right?
Pack up and go